# Update 10/30/2020

There have been several updates in adt-explorer.

## New Authentication

adt-explorer now uses the DefaultAzureCredential, instead of an InteractiveBrowserCredential. When running locally, the credentials are forwarded from the localhost. 

In practice, that means that:
- You do not need to specify a client id and tenant id any longer. All you need is the ADT service instance URL
- You do need to have access to credentials on your local host. DefaultAzureCredential will look for credentials in a number of ways.
- The easiest way to make sure adt-explorer authenticates is to be logged in using the Azure CLI. Simply type 'az login' in a command prompt - adt-explorer will pick up the authentication from there. You can also use environment variables, or VS/VS Code credentials.

## New JS SDK

Instead of an autorest-generated SDK, adt-explorer now uses an official Azure Digital Twins SDK for JavaScript. You can find it on npm.

## Features
- Simplified authentication. The sign-in box now only requires a service URL for ADT.
- Images for graph nodes. You can now upload images to represent nodes in the graph, instead of the default circles. You can upload images on a per-model basis, or upload a directory with images.
- You can now instantiate twins with defined components
- You can now select and delete relationships
- You can now multi-select twins. Hold control for rubber-banding.
- Relationships are now drawn with different colors, to make it easier to distinguish specific ones.
- When you select a twin (or multiple twins), the selected twins and related relationships will be drawn brighter. THis makes it easier to understand the graph.
- You can hide and unhide selected twins

There are also many bugfixes.
